README.md, before:

[![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/lucasrubo)](https://github.com/lucasrubo)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-rubo/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-rubo/)

## Hey There, Welcome

### :large_blue_diamond: About Me

<hr>

I started working with programming in 2019. I worked at IBM Brasil as a Systems Developer intern in the CI/CD team.
In my private life I like to pratice sports and in my free time I play Games. I constantly seek to improve my skills and knowledge in technology to contribute to the projects I work on.

I hold a degree in Computer Science and aim to gain practical experience in the market and expand my knowledge in the field of development. I am eager to contribute with my technical ability and commitment to teamwork to achieve challenging goals.

### :computer: Stack

Languages that I like to learn and study :arrow_down:

- 👨 Front-End: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Next.js
- :computer: Back-End: JavaScript(NodeJS), C#, Python, Java and PHP
- :umbrella: Frameworks: React, Laravel, .Net Core, Asp.Net MVC and Asp.Net WebForms
- :cloud: Cloud: Amazon Web Services (AWS)
- :thought_balloon: IDEs: Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code
- :wrench: Jenkins Pipelines

My resume:
https://lucasrubo.github.io/lucasrubo/

[![lucasrubo's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=lucasrubo&theme=radical)](https://github.com/lucasrubo/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

feat: configure GitHub Pages deploy with GitHub Actions
- Add gh-pages dependency for manual deploy
- Configure Vite base path for GitHub Pages (/lucasrubo/)
- Add deploy and predeploy scripts to package.json
- Create GitHub Actions workflow for automatic deploy on develop branch
- Update README with deploy instructions

README.md, after:

[![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/lucasrubo)](https://github.com/lucasrubo)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-rubo/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-rubo/)

## Hey There, Welcome

### :large_blue_diamond: About Me

<hr>

I started working with programming in 2019. I worked at IBM Brasil as a Systems Developer intern in the CI/CD team.
In my private life I like to pratice sports and in my free time I play Games. I constantly seek to improve my skills and knowledge in technology to contribute to the projects I work on.

I hold a degree in Computer Science and aim to gain practical experience in the market and expand my knowledge in the field of development. I am eager to contribute with my technical ability and commitment to teamwork to achieve challenging goals.

### :computer: Stack

Languages that I like to learn and study :arrow_down:

- 👨 Front-End: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Next.js
- :computer: Back-End: JavaScript(NodeJS), C#, Python, Java and PHP
- :umbrella: Frameworks: React, Laravel, .Net Core, Asp.Net MVC and Asp.Net WebForms
- :cloud: Cloud: Amazon Web Services (AWS)
- :thought_balloon: IDEs: Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code
- :wrench: Jenkins Pipelines

My resume:
https://lucasrubo.github.io/lucasrubo/

## 🚀 Deploy

This portfolio is automatically deployed to GitHub Pages using GitHub Actions.

### How it works:
- **Automatic Deploy**: Every push to the `develop` branch triggers a build and deploy to GitHub Pages
- **Manual Deploy**: You can also deploy manually using `npm run deploy`
- **Base Path**: Configured for GitHub Pages at `/lucasrubo/`

### Local Development:
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

### Manual Deploy:
```bash
npm run deploy
```

[![lucasrubo's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=lucasrubo&theme=radical)](https://github.com/lucasrubo/github-readme-stats)
